
Timestamp: 9/12/2022 13:29:38
Participant: P19

1. Overall, I am satisfied with how easy it is to use this system.
    2 -- Comments. Easy to use, "three step" approach is manageable for the user. Only minor tweeks required to make some steps clearer.
    
2. It was simple to use this system.
    2 -- Comments. nan
    
3. I could effectively complete the tasks and scenarios using this system.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
4. I was able to complete the tasks and scenarios quickly using this system.
    1 -- Comments. The work flow felt very efficient.
    
5. I was able to efficiently complete the tasks and scenarios using this system.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
6. I felt comfortable using this system.
    2 -- Comments. I wasn't 100% sure of what all the inputs / outputs meant, but this probably reflects that environmental research is not my immediate area of interest.
    
7. It was easy to learn to use this system.
    2 -- Comments. nan
    
8. I believe I could become productive quickly using this system.
    1 -- Comments. Very impressive system overall, has huge potential.
    
9. The system gave error messages that clearly told me how to fix problems.    
    2.0 -- Comments. Some additional errors messages might be useful (e.g. if user has omitted to do some required steps)
    
10. Whenever I made a mistake using the system, I could recover easily and  quickly.
    1.0 -- Comments. nan
    
11. The information (such as on-line help, on-screen messages and  other documentation) provided with this system was clear.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
12. It was easy to find the information I needed.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
13. The information provided for the system was easy to understand.
    2 -- Comments. Some sentences in the text were not immediately obvious, but I think this reflects the fact that the subject area is conceptually difficult and the interface does a good job of helping the user with the concepts.
    
14. The information was effective in helping me complete the tasks and  scenarios.
    2 -- Comments. nan
    
15. The organization of information on the system screens was clear.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
16. The interface of this system was pleasant.
    1 -- Comments. Very nice aesthetics and pretty graphs.
    
17. I liked using the interface of this system.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
18. This system has all the functions and capabilities I expect it to have.
    1 -- Comments. It has even more (and quite powerful) functionality than I expected.
    
19. Overall, I am satisfied with this system.   
    1 -- Comments. Very impressive, I would like to be able to use this to perform research some day.

