
Timestamp: 7/14/2022 10:19:13
Participant: P2

1. Overall, I am satisfied with how easy it is to use this system.
    3 -- Comments. Clear process, just small items noted in test to make the entire process clear and slow progress (especially for first time user).
    
2. It was simple to use this system.
    2 -- Comments. Yes, vry easy. It just needs a little clarity on some details to make it easier to navigate.
    
3. I could effectively complete the tasks and scenarios using this system.
    2 -- Comments. Yes, just the metadata file preparation came out of nowhere and is a large requirement to progress in the middle of using the UI.
    
4. I was able to complete the tasks and scenarios quickly using this system.
    2 -- Comments. Just the UI step would really slow me down if I didn't use the default (which I shouldn't)
    
5. I was able to efficiently complete the tasks and scenarios using this system.
    2 -- Comments. Yes, there were no issues. One small glitch with the output file not working and I had to refresh.
    
6. I felt comfortable using this system.
    1 -- Comments. Yes, very comfortable
    
7. It was easy to learn to use this system.
    2 -- Comments. Very straightforward.
    
8. I believe I could become productive quickly using this system.
    2 -- Comments. I would need to think more about its usage for me, but yes it is very intuitive and the report has a lot of interactive options.
    
9. The system gave error messages that clearly told me how to fix problems.    
    2.0 -- Comments. the output file in Step 3 didn't work twice, I had to refresh.
    
10. Whenever I made a mistake using the system, I could recover easily and  quickly.
    1.0 -- Comments. Yes, no real ways to make a mistake.
    
11. The information (such as on-line help, on-screen messages and  other documentation) provided with this system was clear.
    2 -- Comments. Only very minor areas to tweak to enhance clarity.
    
12. It was easy to find the information I needed.
    2 -- Comments. Yes
    
13. The information provided for the system was easy to understand.
    2 -- Comments. Just needed reminders on occasion of the details - again for a first-time user.
    
14. The information was effective in helping me complete the tasks and  scenarios.
    2 -- Comments. Yes, minor suggested edits/amendments
    
15. The organization of information on the system screens was clear.
    2 -- Comments. Only the data analysis step in the report should be moved out, as the rest is linked to the medatadata file.
    
16. The interface of this system was pleasant.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
17. I liked using the interface of this system.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
18. This system has all the functions and capabilities I expect it to have.
    2 -- Comments. nan
    
19. Overall, I am satisfied with this system.   
    2 -- Comments. nan

