
Timestamp: 7/21/2022 16:37:46
Participant: P9

1. Overall, I am satisfied with how easy it is to use this system.
    2 -- Comments. The system was really easy to use. The layout allows for the constraints on the data to be entered quickly. The analysis section is very easy to use and is interesting.
    
2. It was simple to use this system.
    2 -- Comments. nan
    
3. I could effectively complete the tasks and scenarios using this system.
    1 -- Comments. I would be be very motivated to use the system as the results are so useful and presented so quickly..
    
4. I was able to complete the tasks and scenarios quickly using this system.
    1 -- Comments. Yes, I was able to finish the tasks and was interested the results produced.
    
5. I was able to efficiently complete the tasks and scenarios using this system.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
6. I felt comfortable using this system.
    2 -- Comments. nan
    
7. It was easy to learn to use this system.
    1 -- Comments. Yes the guidance provided within the system is clear and easy to find.
    
8. I believe I could become productive quickly using this system.
    1 -- Comments. It was easy to use the system. There is a lot of functionality in it and I would be prepared to put the effort it to become productive as the results are really useful.
    
9. The system gave error messages that clearly told me how to fix problems.    
    nan -- Comments. I dont think I got any error messages.
    
10. Whenever I made a mistake using the system, I could recover easily and  quickly.
    1.0 -- Comments. I was able to navigate around the site well.
    
11. The information (such as on-line help, on-screen messages and  other documentation) provided with this system was clear.
    1 -- Comments. Very useful and clear information presented. I liked that the infromatuion presented was placed in the context where it was needed.
    
12. It was easy to find the information I needed.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
13. The information provided for the system was easy to understand.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
14. The information was effective in helping me complete the tasks and  scenarios.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
15. The organization of information on the system screens was clear.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
16. The interface of this system was pleasant.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
17. I liked using the interface of this system.
    1 -- Comments. I liked using it as the results were very clear and useful.
    
18. This system has all the functions and capabilities I expect it to have.
    1 -- Comments. nan
    
19. Overall, I am satisfied with this system.   
    1 -- Comments. nan

